Exercise 1: Create an Object
Create an object named "person" with the following properties:

Name: "John"
Age: 30
Occupation: "Developer"

Exercise 2: Access Object Properties
Access and print the "name" and "age" properties of the "person" object.

Exercise 3: Modify Object Property
Change the "occupation" property of the "person" object to "Designer."

Exercise 4: Add a New Property
Add a new property "location" with the value "New York" to the "person" object.

Exercise 5: Iterate Through Object Properties
Write a loop to iterate through all the properties of the "person" object and print them.

Exercise 6: Check if a Property Exists
Check if the "email" property exists in the "person" object and print "Email exists" if it does, or "Email does not exist" if it doesn't.

Exercise 7: Delete a Property
Delete the "location" property from the "person" object.

Exercise 8: Nested Objects
Create an object called "car" with properties:

Make: "Toyota"
Model: "Camry"
Engine: { Type: "V6", Horsepower: 270 }
Access and print the "Engine Type" property.

Exercise 9: Object Methods
Create an object called "circle" with a property "radius" and a method "calculateArea" that calculates 
the area of the circle (π * radius^2).

Exercise 10: Object Constructor
Create a constructor function "Person" that can be used to create instances of people with
 properties "name" and "age."
 
Exercise 11: Object Comparison
Create two objects, "student1" and "student2," with the same properties (e.g., name, age). Check if these two objects are equal.
Exercise 12: Object Destructuring
Use object destructuring to extract the "name" and "age" properties from the "student1" object into separate variables.
Exercise 13: Object Inheritance
Create a "Person" object with properties "name" and "age." Then, create a "Student" object that inherits from "Person" and also has a "school" property.
Exercise 14: Object Method Inheritance
Extend the "Person" object from the previous exercise with a method called "greet" that prints a greeting message.
Exercise 15: Object Prototypes
Create a prototype method called "isAdult" for the "Person" object that returns true if the person is 18 years or older.
Exercise 16: Object Property Enumeration
Create an object with properties representing the days of the week. Write a loop to iterate through these properties and print their values.
Exercise 17: Object Copy
Create a function that takes an object as an argument and returns a shallow copy of the object.

